---

Call for Proposal Writing Workshop application
---

We are seeking workshop facilitators who can:
1. Host a three-hour workshop for 80 delegates. Delegates are: program managers, financial controllers, executive directors, and board members from Indigenous organizations and First Nations.

2. Present for 3 hours on chosen subject matter on September 23, 2016 in Richmond, BC

3. Explain the key elements of a proposal

4. Outline the difference between grant writing, proposal writing, and completing applications

5. Provide an outline or checklist on how to write a successful proposal

6. Provide tips for success

The intention is to run several proposal writing workshops concurrently, each with a slightly different focus, such as proposal writing for beginners, for the intermediate level and for those with an advanced skill set.

[Apply Now](http://fluidsurveys.com/surveys/bcaafc-mqC/funding-conference-2016-proposal-writing-workshop/)

Deadline August 31, 2016 

---

Seats Still Available
---

This event will bring together 60 federal, provincial, public, and private funders to share their funding opportunities with 400 delegates from First Nations and Indigenous Organizations. The presentations will be 15min to the plenary, then break into one on one meetings in smaller rooms to discuss further funding details with delegates. These meetings will be available for sign-up-on-site. The idea is to get everyone at one event to hear about various funding options. Each presentation will be for one funding area and the person speaking about the funding opportunity will be the expert responsible for that funding area. 

We are inviting presenters from private corporations, federal or provincial funders, foundations and international organizations who provide funding to First Nations and Indigenous Organizations. Funding areas include, but not limited to are: 

* Indigenous Career Development
* Arts, Culture, & Language
* Children, Youth and Families
* Community Project Grants
* Cultural & Language Programs
* Employment & Training Programs
* Entrepreneurship & Self Employment
* Environment
* Ending Domestic Violence
* Financial Literacy
* Health Initiatives & Research
* Homelessness
* Reformative Justice Programs
* Major & Minor Capital Projects
* Museums & Archives
* Professional Development
* Social Enterprise
* Sports & Recreation
* Traditional Foods

There are 300 seats for this conference to save yourself or representative(s) from your organization a seat  you need to register. If the person changes you can do a name change at a later date if you choose. An organization can register as many representatives as they want. 

The $500/representative registration fee covers: 
* Access to all listed agenda items
* Two lunches and nutritional breaks provided

Does not cover:
* Meals not provided, breakfast/dinners
* Travel
* Accommodation - Conference rates provided until Aug.25th. ($165) [Book Now!](https://funding-conference.bcaafc.com/accommodations/)

[Click to Register](https://funding-conference.bcaafc.com/)

---

Accommodations
---

Conference Rate Available: UNTIL AUGUST 25th

Visit our [ABOUT](https://funding-conference.bcaafc.com/about/) and [ACCOMMODATIONS](https://funding-conference.bcaafc.com/accommodations/) page to book your room now!

---

Call for Presenters
---

If you provide funding for Indigenous initiatives and you are interested in presenting on your funding opportunities in any of the areas below, this event may be for you.


* Social Enterprise
* Sports and Recreation
* Cultural and Language programs
* Arts, Culture and Language
* Employment/Training Programs
* Entrepreneurship & Self-Employment
* Health
* Capital
* Aboriginal Career Development
* Employment Training
* Physical Health
* Mental Health
* Capacity Building
* Health clinics
* Environment
* Health Research
* Funding for individual Aboriginal people
* Extinguishing Domestic Violence
* Wellness and Health
* Youth
* Traditional Foods

We are now accepting speaker proposals online at [funding-conference.bcaafc.com](https://funding-conference.bcaafc.com/) from:

* Private Corporations
* Provincial and Federal Funders
* Foundations
* International Funders


For further information please contact:

Della Preston, Conference Coordinator

BC Association of Aboriginal Friendship Centres,
551 Chatham Street, Victoria, BC, V8T 1E1

Phone: 250-388-5522 or 1-800-990-2432
E-mail: [dpreston@bcaafc.com](dpreston@bcaafc.com)


